updating fwlinks inside framework (#15546)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/net-native/example-handling-exceptions-when-binding-data.md

---
# Example: Handling Exceptions When Binding Data
> [!NOTE]

> > This topic refers to the .NET Native Developer Preview, which is pre-release software. You can download the preview from the [Microsoft Connect website](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/net-native/index) (requires registration).  

Reviewer: undo this change. Connect is gone and I'm trying to get the right answer here on what to do with this content.

```suggestion
> This topic refers to the .NET Native Developer Preview, which is pre-release software. You can download the preview from the [Microsoft Connect website](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=394611) (requires registration).  
```
